Step 1 - Download the EC2 Instances template					
Download the 'EC2 Instances' Excel template file. Ensure you download the template each time to include any new template changes.					
Step 2 - Fill in your input data					
"Fill the template file downloaded with the input configurations of your choice (Tab: Inputs)  The definitions for each column in the template is provided in the  table below.

You can specify configurations only for EC2 instances or both EC2 instances and EBS volumes.
You can only enter configurations for upto 1000 rows at once.
"					
Input file Column Definitions					
Column Name	Description	Accepted Values	Example	Required/Optional	Notes
Group	Define a group to organize your EC2 estimates	"An alphanumeric string.
Cannot contain '>', '<' and '&'"	Production	Optional	
Description	Add a description for your estimate	"An alphanumeric string. 
Cannot contain '>', '<' and '&'"	a1 instance estimate	Optional	
AWS Region	Choose the region you would like to estimate EC2 prices for	Values available in the dropdown	us-east-1	Required	See EC2 Pricing Calculator for region codes and the associated region names. 
Operating System	Choose which operating system you'd like to run Amazon EC2 instances on.	Values available in the dropdown	Linux	Required	
Instance Type	Enter the EC2 instance of your choice	"Free form text in the format 
<instance_family | instance generation | attribute>.<Instance_size>
Example:  t4g.xlarge.

No other format will be supported."	a1.medium	Required	"See EC2 Pricing Calculator and EC2 Pricing pages for available EC2 instance names for the 'Region' and 'Operating system' selected.
"
Tenancy	Choose the tenancy you'd like to run Amazon EC2 instances on	Values available in the dropdown	Shared Instances	Required	
Number of Instances	Enter the number of Amazon EC2 instances that you need.	Numerical value	2	Required	Quantity cannot be more than 50000
Assumed Usage	Enter the expected usage of Amazon EC2 instances. Only applicable when 'Hours/Week' Usage type is selected.	Numerical value	10	Required if Usage Type selected is 'Hours/Week'	Assumed Usage cannot exceed 168
Usage Type	Select the usage type of your choice based on your workload	Values available in the dropdown	Hours/Week	Required	"When usage type selected is 'Always On', you are not required to input values in the 'Assumed Usage' field.

When usage type selected is 'Hours/Week', enter your expected usage of Amazon EC2 instances in the 'Assumed Usage' field."
Purchasing Options	Select the pricing option of your choice	Values available in the dropdown	1 Yr No Upfront Compute Savings Plan	Required	
Storage Type	Choose the EBS volume storage type of your choice	Values available in the dropdown	General Purpose SSD (gp3)	Optional	
Storage amount per Instance (GB)	Enter your storage amount in GB per instance	Numerical value	12	Optional	"
Storage amount per volume cannot be more than 16384 GB."
Provisioning IOPS per instance (gp3, io1, io2)	"Enter the Provisioning IOPS per volume. 
This is applicable when storage type selected is 
1) General Purpose SSD (gp3)
2) Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) 
3) Provisioned IOPS SSD (io2)"	Numerical value	1000	Optional	"Provisioning IOPS per volume for General Purpose SSD (gp3) cannot be more than 16000.

Provisioning IOPS per volume for io2 cannot be more than 256000.

Provisioning IOPS per volume for io1 cannot be more than 64000."
EBS Throughput per Instance	"Enter the throughput per volume in MBps only
This is applicable when storage type selected is General Purpose SSD (gp3)"	Numerical value	50	Optional	General Purpose SSD (gp3) - Throughput cannot be more than 1000 MBps.
Snapshot Frequency	Select the Snapshot frequency of your choice	Values available in the dropdown	Daily	Optional	
EBS Snapshot amount per Instance (GB/snapshot)	Enter the amount changed per snapshot. 	Numerical value	100	Optional	Amount changed per snapshot cannot be more than 16384 GB.
